Fix pagination in DataGrid `_CrudMoreActionsMenu` story (#3578)
vivid-planet/comet: docs/docs/7-migration-guide/migration-from-v7-to-v8.md

+ const { paginationModel, onPaginationModelChange } = useDataGridRemote();
```

> Also be aware that you need to pass `rowCount` to the DataGrid, when using the `useDataGridRemote` hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware that you must pass `rowCount` to the DataGrid when using the `useDataGridRemote` hook. Otherwise, the pagination component will show NaN value in pagination mode server. 
```

> Be aware that you must pass `rowCount` to the DataGrid when using the `useDataGridRemote` hook. Otherwise, the pagination component will show NaN value in pagination mode server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Be aware that you must pass `rowCount` to the DataGrid when using the `useDataGridRemote` hook. Otherwise, the pagination component will show NaN value in pagination mode server.
```
```suggestion
Be aware that you must pass `rowCount` to the DataGrid when using the `useDataGridRemote` hook. Otherwise, the pagination component will show a `NaN` value when used with server-side pagination.
```
